[Music]
[Applause]
the korean of course then in the
backhand caught development
had crisis takes these balls of course
With
[Applause]
a very difficult because that is yes
my owner took a very difficult turn
to use ball of believe that has to be yes
also easy to do
The panel is there once with the
rocker people he came with his back
just bells through one side for it
have to stop a bit or other
supposedly light forehand has
He has already done his job today
in which I finally just the
block in the deep decline come where
even if it is at crisis and with the
first after that that's strong
1 individual sentences
[Applause]
but still has something to a large
selection makes studying and easy
around her daughter sarah so that tipped
just be easy profit that yourself
do not miss this finale
want
and now
[Applause]
Let's take that for the first time today
serve with the forehand and comes
now setback in the fore as well
if rio is there and what can i do
made of it but hughes and the
absolute curtain player of today stop
just the partie mistake you change
[Applause]
but this is very interesting
now
Well, fortunately so far 65 of his leadership
[Applause]
and which again around 40 percent
but except that here today to please
say oh that can be right
but a herkulesaufgabe
then to make the team from ochsenhausen
[Applause]
nothing intention to deliver and do it the
fallen from 7 crisis class played
can pick up a cup match to balance
already at home
this one gets the last one was
Curfew secret choice of the house and
yard off
in the rotation but also after that
fast no time
[Applause]
that does not exist
ground
who wanted to fire that does not exist
was that with the edge was that with the
finger like has this ball on the card
set
that was already gone on the edge
gives it
bio can not believe it
and now the winter is yet to be
now they look at this face
this relief of this jubilation
riad
[Applause]